Qualifications:

    BS technical degree, computer sciences preferred
    4 years of related experience
    2-4 years Linux system administrator experience
    Puppet (preferred), Ansible, Chef, or CloudFormation experience
    Scripting (Bash/shell, Python, Perl) and/or Ruby experience
    AWS Certifications desirable; Solutions Architect, SysOps Administrator, Developer, or DevOps Engineer
    Excellent troubleshooting skills
    Excellent customer service skills
    Knowledge of Agile development processes and Atlassian tool suite
    Linux OS and package management

Job Description:

As a DevOps Engineer, you will be a key member of a team of top global developers developing a large-scale enterprise website.  We are looking for your expertise to automate the environment setup and parts of the software engineering process - including build, package, deploy and test within AWS/Docker.  We will count on your years of experience as an Amazon Cloud Automation Expert to automate what typical sys-admins do manually.  We will also be looking for your effective communication (in English) with the team and others.


Requirements:

    A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other technical software degree

    DevOps experience in Windows and Linux. Expert in playing around with shell/bash scripts to automate the most trivial tasks. 

    AWS Automation experience in EC2, S3, RDS, ELB,ECS, ECR and CloudWatch required. Elastic Beanstalk, Cloudfront, and Auto scaling, a plus.

    Expert in creating/maintaining production quality Docker images

    Comfortable working with Chef/puppet any other OS configuration/automation technologies

    Created deployment pipelines in Continuous integration servers like Jenkins

    Java, Javascript and development experience is a plus.

    You have a passion for iterative development and like us, you also believe “shipping is a feature”.



Minimum Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent plus 3 years of related work experience, Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent plus 2 years of related work experience, or a PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent plus related work experience.

- 3 plus years of proven experience with software development, system engineering, and debugging.

- 3 plus years of experience with Linux/Unix and scripting languages.

- 1 plus years of hands-on experience in continuous integration and continuous deployment.

- 1 plus years of experience in programming in shell/bash, Python, or Ruby.

 

Additional Preferred Qualifications:

-2 or more years' experience (or the equivalent) of architecting and deploying systems, code repositories, solutions for High Performance Computing and/or Shared Memory systems is highly desired.

- Experience with open-source software lifecycles, including documentation and modularity.

- Experience with configuration management tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, SaltStack, or similar.

- Experience with CI tools such as Jenkins, Codeship, Travis, CircleCI, or similar.

- Excellent verbal and written communication skills, presentation skills, and the ability to collaborate in teams.



Sr. System Admin (Linux/Vmware/Monitoring Tools)

    IdeaHelix, San Ramon, CA Posted 3 days ago 

    Report 

Linux/Vmware/Kickstart / Cobbler / Chef / Puppet) & Scripting ( Python / Bash / Ruby )
Contract Corp-To-Corp, Contract Independent, Contract W2, C2H Corp-To-Corp, C2H Independent, C2H W2
Negotiable
Telecommuting not available Travel not required
Job Description

Key requirements :

* System admin Linux / Vmware
* Server provisioning automation (Kickstart / Cobbler / Chef / Puppet)
* Scripting ( Python / Bash / Ruby )

Qualifications / Requirements
B.S (Preferred M.S) in Computer Science.
At least 5+ years’ experience in as a System admin/Systems engineer role in a SaaS or Cloud Operations.
3+ years of experience in 24x7x365 datacenters and infrastructure operations, technologies, platform, IaaS/SaaS technologies and platforms
5+ years of strong hands on background in data centers, networking, virtualization and service management.
Strong foundation in Virtualization & Service Management
Some background in emerging technologies in cloud, docker, SDN, OpenStack, Cloud Foundry or SaaS preferred
Additional Skill Sets:
Skill sets, not mutually exclusive and we can fill multiple positions with each type of skill.

* OpenStack/
* Cloud Foundry
* Palo Alto Firewall
* Juniper routing
* Linux
* Scale out computing, clustering
* Load balancing (HA Proxy, F5, Netscaler, etc…) Prefer F5

Desired Characteristics
Flexible, continuous learner and knowledge sharer.
Excellent communicator, works well in team environment, appreciates challenges.
Comfortable and effective working in new areas that require experimentation and rapid problem solving.

Please apply/email us the following details along with "word " copy of your resume:

Expected pay rate (all inclusive):
Availability:
Current location:
Few points (how you fit into this role):

Click here to Apply

You can also call John/Sandeep at 510-255- 5980 if you need additional information. Email preferred for faster correspondence.

